#### Songs Lyrics Clustering

Based on the data and SBERT model called **"all-distilroberta-v1"**. This model is a pre-trained model based on various selections of the trained model corpus. The reason that we chose this model is due to its size of the model and performance. The model size is almost half that, 290MB, of the 1st and 2nd best-performing pre-trained models. Once we get the embedding of the lyrics from the sample songs that we sampled from the dataset, we then performed analysis on what is the best number of clusters using elbow plot. From the elbow plot below, we can see that the best number of clusters using the embedding of the songs is 7 clusters. We then perform the clustering on our dataset using MiniBatchKmean to help with the speed of the clustering considering the embedding size and samples.

Finally, we can observe from the results of the clustering of the lyrics line that it clustered quite well and users can play with the interactive plot of the cluster on the main app screen. From this cluster, however, we discover that there are multiple lines with empty lyrics and some lines which contain the lyrics partition such as ***Chorus*** or ***Acoustic***, while some contain other song attributes. This means we need to clean up the lyrics line much more to make sure that the cluster is only representing important lyrics lines that matter. This, however, does not interfere with the recommendation ranking since the ranking is based on the overall song similarity based on all the lines in the song while suppressed scores for lines that are less similar to the query than the rest.